This is what i'm thinking i have three courses here. A beginning intermediate and advanced. I'm only going to be making the certificate function for the advanced. Tool. 
So we have 11 videos in the course. So in this case i would need 11 buttons on each course. So i put the button right next to this one right here. I would say mark as completed. And then maybe want sitzmark that's completed it would switch to say mark is uncompleted. Or maybe a checkmark or something just showing in here that it's already been marked as completed. And once the user went through all the training videos. And marks all of the courses as completed. Then on the last video. There would be a button. That said download certificate. And then it clicked that and they would get the certificate. So technically. The buttons don't actually have to be tied to the videos you can just put them on any page you want but in this case. I'm going to put them on my video pages. On the back end. I'm envisioning it look something like. They create a new page except it'll be a courses one. And also add new course. And i want to add a new course. How you can click edit and then in the edit area you can say like add new lesson. And then i can generate as many lessons i want 
within that course. So in this particular case. I would add 11 lessons. And then each weston would have its own button. And then i would put that button. On the website. It's a particular spot. And then once all those. Buttons are pressed or checked. Then it's going to deliver me a button. That is clickable that says download. The. Certificate. Now each course will only have one certificate option so if i wanted to i don't in this case but if i wanted to. I can do three courses and i can put a certificate at the end of the beginning options scores. A certificate at the end of the intermediate or if tificate at the end of the advanced. Like i do three courses if i wanted to generate three courses. But in this case i'm just going to do one i don't have to do it on the first two i'll just put on the advanced wine and when they're done with the advanced then they get the certificate. Hope that makes sense.