 Hi everybody. just to reach hampton moultrie card from this project. Back office to allow you to update. Subscription dates and create and delete user accounts. Software glitch not able to juice video. 2 ssl certificate and test operations for functionality. If we just looked at the first come to the back office. Which is here. So basically this is the back office of the apartment. Area. And you'll see you're busy when you go to view plans on mondays uses. What we need in here not so bad unless we need. Change. This way. We can actually change the suspension date. Have an answer we want such a great a. A user manually in the back office we can actually do so. And we can also upgrade and change the year the renewal dates of a sleek hair. I'm sorry. To to change that. As you can see. Carnival sunshine an ssl certification. Problem. Automotive that but you don't get the point in the software glitch. Is something is causing an issue. Yeah. When you are producing. A video. It is just falling over and say oops something went wrong video couldn't be created. Last episode of a promise is that. Essentially. Just folding open online system to. To reduce the video preview the video. Issue we have obviously with the train.. I need to be able to do that manually in the background is a board he mentioned. And the number if you lost me the language of the city development technologies. Publicis to show you on on the screen or not so fat. And if i come. 2. The functionality. Come across the pricing. You'll see what system actually has obviously in it image options. Hd video resolution. Different video line standing on the plan. Digital voice service again. 
Text to voice text effects web shows. Music library image library. Video clip library. Social media reports. Export to youtube. Commercial licenses. Logos within the video. Supports and the number that repeats created. Correct posture is actually working fine. Cuz you know obviously. We have these issues which already. Kohl's in there yet that they long for this product to ashley store. I'm sorry. Please take a look 
of a sleigh. Come back to me with any questions you actually have already mentioned. Hosted on a server. I'm not sober with your obviously we can give you a. Access to. Time to correct over slavery. Lisa harris. Okay so should you need any more. Questions please come back to me father my wife to stay on to the world she very keen to get going with this. Under to bring this project to fruition. I'm so obvious liquid we can get this done thank you very much.