 Hi ruslan okay i want to show you the next to tasks that i would like to complete. I'm going to sign into the business. Okay here i'm on the dashboard now i just go forward to start a new plan. I'm going to just select who by plane. Round trip is fine. Scrunches legs. Doesn't really matter when. Dates. I'm just putting in all the travel through amaturs now. Okay so here's what i would like to do or would like to see. So if this was the route that i was creating i could just say that i want to fly from london to moscow and just leave it at that. And created trip. But instead i want to drive from the airport into moscow so what i do is i say okay i want to maybe rent a car. So the dates when i click bears automatically populate to the same dates that i chose right here. And rental agency. Doesn't really matter what i put in there. But the location i select at the airport. Tell if i want to add a driving portion now i want to drive from the airport to a different location. This information right here this destination should automatically populate right here to where i start driving. It doesn't though so now i have to manually put in. The address. And then just somewhere else it doesn't really matter. I can just choose anything in moscow. And then you can see the system populates that so now i'm flying. From london over to moscow and then i have driving directions from moscow airport up to this destination. But what i would like to service to do is anytime i choose added driving portion. My first stop or my first location has to be from mine own points from mine own location so the system knows i went from here to here. And now i somehow i have to get from that location to this location. So this would be my starting point so what i would like to see is if the person adds a driving portion or a train portion. That this. Copulate said this location to destination populates as the starting point to that. So that's the first task i would like to do. 


Second task. 
Just so you know how the service works i can kind of go through this quick but.
It's easy i just answered the information that i want to say it ain't so. Okay so that's one event. Maybe i choose a different one november 3rd okay at. Save that event okay everything looks good i go to the next step.
 This doesn't really matter i can just put in anything. And that's my no-till save that. 

---So now brings me to my filter section so one of the things i would like to see is. 
When we saw that i was traveling from london to moscow and then driving from moscow airport to the hotel.
The hotel should be my current destination the service should know that the hotel is my current destination. 
So for some reason it doesn't populate here i would have to choose my location so. 
This is the location of the hotel right up in here. This is what i would like to see is for this point where i am or where i'm going to that's my final destination.

 I would like to see that automatically populate here. But since it doesn't now i have to choose that location so i can say okay i want to know where everything is. Around 1 km and see it's all the way out here. So i choose this area. And now the system knows okay he wants to see where the resources are in this area so i going to facilities. 
I want to know where police hospitals maybe pharmacies are. And it tells me where all those are in this location but i would i would like the service to do is show me exactly where i am. And then i can tell the service i want to know one kilometer from where i am or 2 km or a half a kilometer. For all this information. And then of course i can go into whether i can go to embassies. It doesn't really matter i'll just pick anything. And. Directions subway maps of the directions are the driving directions from the airport to my destination. And it doesn't matter which one i choose i can take anyone that works for me and once i have that information. No i save. And move on. So those are the two things on the initial page the how i'm traveling i would like the destination to automatically populate in the starting point. For my driving on my train. And then on the filter page i would like my destination to automatically populate on this map down here. So i can go ahead and just clear this. Again once i pull up the filter page it should already show my destination up here i don't know how that you wanted to pick that it could be just a point. But that's what i would like it to show is there. Or wherever my destination is. Okay if there's any questions just let me know thank you